# Group Meetings

## 2020-11-06 - Kick-Off

### Agenda

-   Introductions
-   Discuss the overall task
-   Agree on first team activity session
-   Discuss team rules
-   Logistics (Meetings, Tools)

### Outcomes

-   Team agrees that we need to build an actual project
-   Round of introductions: 
    -   Hayato: From Japan, lives in the UK, exposure to CS in this course
    -   Blair: From the US, tests software at work, exposure to CS in this course, has done some Python in free time
    -   Alex: From Serbia, More than 25 years of programming experience, started education in Information Systems
    -   Arjun: From Switzerland, product manager, no programming experience prior to this programme
    -   Brad: Worked in service industry, moved into IT in the 90s, some Python skills, no major programming experience
-   Deadline for draft set at December 17, holidays planned, we have colleagues on the Julian calendar

### Actions

-   Doodle for Meeting Times (one each for weekly meeting and large group meeting) @amilos by 2020-11-07
-   Set up and prepare virtual whiteboard @arjunmuralidharan
-   Send e-mail IDs & GitHub names in the Slack for invites to GitHub and Miro @all
-   Collect ideas for project @all
-   Set up project Git repository @BlairCurrey
-   Ask tutors if Word format is required or we can use text for versioning purposes @hayacon

## 2020-11-09 - Weekly Working Session

### Agenda

-   Brainstorm constraints of the project
-   Brainstorm ideas
-   Qualify initial ideas
-   Define field of research

### Outcomes

-   The team brainstormed what potential constraints might be. These are documented in the PDF documentation of the project, and include topics such as having a _simple tech stack_ and _drawing inspiration_ from existing solutions.
-   The team conducted a crazy eight exercise, generating around 30 ideas in a short, focused time period. We then each presented the top 3 ideas we each produced, and then collectively voted using "dots".
-   The downselected ideas were further voted upon, and then qualified according to potential impact and and feasibility within the constraints.
-   We agreed on 5 ideas that we could do some further research on until the next session:
    -   Cocktail generator for bartenders
    -   Time tracking for students
    -   Uncluttered recipe sharing
    -   Leaderboard for university grades
    -   Product feedback tool (user voice)

### Actions

-   Answer the following question for your assigned idea @everyone:
    -   What are other methods of accomplishing this task?
    -   Who is the customer?
    -   What are the main pain points today?
    -   What is a potential set of features that would address these pain points?

## 2020-11-12 - Weekly Check-In Session

### Agenda

-   Present research for assigned idea
-   Define method for choosing final idea
-   Define homework

### Outcomes

-   Each team member presented their answers to the 4 questions from the 11/09 meeting for their assigned idea
-   After presenting, team members gave feedback
-   We agreed to vote on ideas next meeting
    - each person get 2 votes and you can use at most 1 vote for your idea
-   Agree to standardize documentation of our research by following Alex's diagram on Miro

### Actions

-   Document research questions/answers in Miro diagram
-   Get current with coursework in Coursera (through week 6)
-   Be ready to vote

## 2020-11-19 - Weekly Check-In Session

### Agenda

-   Present research questions
-   Discuss midterm
-	Define homework

### Outcomes

-   Presented research questions, methods, and useful resources
-   After presenting, team members gave feedback
	- brad noted midterm asks for comparison of our idea against
	existing software. Added https://gpacalculator.io/ linked to
	diagram as an example
-	Discussed understanding of "Teamwork activity and deliverable"
	in Coursera
	-	Are we expected to submit them? Doesn't look like it for the
		midterm, but possibly the final. Should do them.

### Actions
- Review midterm
	- is there anything we have already done
	that we need to alter to fit the requirements?
	- will going though week-by-week generate everything
	we need for the final report? Anything extra needed?
- Do peer review Swot Analysis in week 6
- Document research questions in Miro board

## 2020-11-23 - Weekly Working Session

### Agenda
- Review midterm
- Prepare outline

### Outcomes
Questions related to the mid-term:
- On point 1, are these software deliverables (prototypes etc.) or also other intermediate products (non-software mocks), or does it also include design deliverables such as diagrams?
- On point 3, it seems excessively heavy to have a full formal specification as part of a project proposal
- On point 9, it is unclear if the intention is to create actual prototypes as part of the midterm and what resolution is desired
- In "Aims and Objectives", what is meant by "Goals and Operations"?
We set up a draft midterm document:
- [https://www.overleaf.com/6198856199qtwkjvsmdfhs]

### Actions
- Prepare workshops for Thursday (Point 6) and Monday (Point 5, Survey) @arjunmuralidharan
- Clarify open points with Tutors @BradLazaruk
- Expand and start writing market benchmark using wider net on similar software (Point 7) @BlairCurrey




## 2020-11-26 - Weekly Check-In Session

### Agenda
- Review actions from last meeting
- Conduct exercise for preparing research

### Outcomes
- We will attend Saturday's webinar to answer the questions from last time
- Blair has drafted some initial market benchmarking
- We ideated on content for research

### Actions
- Prepare workshop for developing research
- Create a project plan 



## 2020-11-30 - Weekly Working Session

### Agenda
- Overleaf: Student plan is CAD$9/month. Certainly reasonable and Brad is willing to take it on for the semester if there is value in it for the team.
- Discussed webinar about midterm requirements and emphasis placed on documentation and iteration over finished, functional product.

### Outcomes
- Categorized "Best possible product" in Miro board (from 11-26 weekly check-in) into "must have" (top left), "nice to have" (bottom right), and "more is better" (diagonal) categories
- Brainstorm activity for "User Goals" on miro. Divided into "satisfies human needs" on left and "accomplishes task" on right 

### Actions
- For each goal (on sticky note):
  - Re-state goal more completely
  - formulate how it would surface in the software
  - define acceptance criteria
- Each team member is assigned the sticky notes associated with a color:
  - Alex: Pink
  - Brad: Blue
  - Hayato: Green
  - Blair: Blue-green
  - Arjun: Orange


## 2020-12-03 - Weekly Check-In Session
### Agenda
- Review remaining items for mid-term

### Outcomes
- We agreed to work on chapters 1, 3 and 6
- We aim to have a first draft until next Thursday, so we can finalize the entire report by December 17
- Agreed that we should plan some time in January for a group 'hackathon' to address the software deliverable

### Actions
- Chapter 1: Alex
- Chapter 3: Arjun
- Chapter 6: Brainstorm together on Monday, Hayato writes it up
- Project Gantt: Brad will produce a draft ahead of Monday


## 2020-12-07 - Weekly Check-In Session
### Agenda
- Discuss Project Plan
- Discuss Chapter 6 Success Criteria / KPI

### Outcomes
- Initial plan is fine, refinements on cycles discussed and will be made by Brad for team to review and provide input
- Success criteria documented below


### Actions
- Refine project plan
- Continue write-up of draft report until Thursday 

#### Success Criteria

Strategic Goals:
- __Reach__: The tool is used by 5% of all students enrolled in the programme defined as distinct users who have submitted grades
- __Coverage__: At least five grades submitted for each module
- __Repeat__: 30% of students capture at least two grades across two distinct terms
- __Adoption__: The tool is adopted by at least 5 other institutions
- __App Store Ratings__: Long-term, we would want users to rate our product with at least 4 stars

P0 Goals:
- 2%
- 2 grades for each module
- 10% repeat
- Adoption: 1 (uol)
- no app store ratings as no mobile app


## 2020-12-10 - Weekly Check-In Session
### Agenda
- Discuss Status
- Discuss aims and goals
- Review success criteria and KPIs

### Status
- Alex and Arjun appologized for not having "review ready" content for todays meeting

### Outcomes
- Discussed aims and usability goals below 
- Revised success criteria and KPIs below

### Actions
- Continue write-up of draft report until Monday, try to have your parts ready for review on Sunday (Arjun, Alex, Hayato)
- Try to schedule another check-in on Sunday usind Doodle (Bret)

### Aims
- Possible commercial goals were discussed and dismissed due to etical and data privacy concerns. We want to remain accessible for all students and guarantee strong privacy and their full control over grade data.
- Having free and open-source project, allows students to contribute and improve the tool they use 
- Donations (sponsorship) and non-intrusive adds were discussed as a way to support project running cost. GitHub Sponsor mechanism would be used for donations from students, alumni and organizations, while adds would be used as last resort.  

### Possible usability goals
- Time required for first grade entered - Signup-to-entry
- Time to review of main dashboard with grade comparison - Signin-to-dashboard

### Revised Success Criteria

Here is the suggested revision of the medium term and MVP goals:

Medium term goals:
- __Reach__: The tool is used by 5% of all students enrolled in the programme defined as distinct users who have submitted grades. Total population of students enrolled in the programme is derived from the number of students registered in main channel of the collaboration app provided by the university.
> We may need to revise the way we count the total population of students in a programme as we go since accounts of students that leav the university may linger in the tool.
- __Coverage__: 100% of modules have enough submitted grades for meaningfull comparison. Minimum number of grades for meaningfull comparison is 5.
> It was not clear if the coverage relates to grades or modules. Revised definition makes it about the modules.
- __Repeat__: 30% of returning students. Returning students are those that capture at least two grades across two distinct terms.
- __Adoption__: The tool is adopted by at least 5 different programmes
- __App Ratings__: Long-term, we would want users to rate our app with at least 4 stars

P0 (MVP) Goals:
- __Reach__: The tool is used by **2%** of all students enrolled in the programme.
- __Coverage__: **66%** of modules have enough submitted grades for meaningfull comparison
- __Repeat__: **10%** returning students
- __Adoption__: **1** programme (BSc CS @ UoL)
- __App Ratings__: No app store ratings as we launch MVP with progressiwe web app

## 2020-12-21 - Weekly Working Session
### Agenda
- Discuss Sections 1 and 6
- Go over survey results
- Find opportunities to iterate

### Outcomes
- Discussed the wireframe and storyboard submissions.
- Team agreed to some additional wireframes for a login page, some additional common elements like an app logo. Brad realized that the initial wireframes have missed a leaderboard wireframe and the team developed that interactively through screen share.
- Reviewed the storyboards and discussed specifically the character choices. Team decided that no further changes needed to be made to the storyboards.
- Decided usability goals do belong in section 1. We can define them here and then add them as another category to P0 and strategic goals where maybe P0 is meeting 75% of usability goals and Strategic goal is to meet 100% of usability goals
- Survey results:
  - anonymity is key

### Actions
-  Wireframes (Brad): Leaderboard to be cleaned up and email login page to be cleaned up. App icon to be updated on all the wireframes.
- Blair will add survey results and analysis to report (after section 3.3.1 - Key research questions)
- Alex will work on section 1 and 6
  - Add usability goals/success criteria
- Reaffirmed ability to meet as planned during holidays for the next few weeks but prepared to communicate asyncrhonously on slack since things will likely come up

# 2020-1-21 - Weekly Working Session
### Agenda
- Stand-up to report work accomplished
- Discuss ways we can improve development process

### Outcomes
- Brad is compiling feedback and iterating on wireframes
- Alex added fake authentication and permission middleware, and projects his submit grade story will be done by tomorrow
- Hayato finished personal grades page but will revise to avoid conflict with Alex's database scheme
- Blair is partially done with edit grades story
- Weighed pros/cons of trunk development. Alex suggested trunk development might work better.

### Actions
- Alex will push database changes before finishing entire story so Blair and Hayato can revise their work on module_leaderboard view and personal_grades view.
- Will get feedback from Brad and Arjun on sprint length

# 2020-1-21 - Weekly Working Session
### Agenda
- Stand-up to report work accomplished
- Discuss alternative meeting times

### Outcomes
- Brad is working on his story and reported user feedback he collected
- Hayato provided feedback on Slack sign-in and reported no issues on his stories
- Alex clarified requirements fro continuous integration
- Blair demod slack sign in feature and tests

### Actions
- Brad will send out Doodle for alternative meeting times
- Continue working on stories and make sure to distribute survey and app for user feedback
